# AI-Assignment
What concrete benefits did you see by utilizing AI to help you make the notebook?
When using AI for this assignment, I was surprised by how quickly it knew what I was asking for and returned the output. I began with pretty broad prompts and didn't use that much detail and for the most part, it would get the code right on the first try! This is very useful because of how efficiently it was able to create what I wanted. It also provided explanations with the code so I could understand along the way why it gave back the code in response to my prompt. It also removes the need for searching elsewhere for the code I am looking for because it does that for me in order to understand the prompt I gave. As I touched on previously, the use of AI makes everything easier and allows us humans to do less work. While this is a good thing, it also hinders our ability to fully understand the task ahead of us which could be problematic in the long run when an issue arises and we don't know how to solve it on our own. AI could also use more complex coding than our current understanding which could create bugs or confusion when we add our own code that might be less complex and not work together. Lastly, if someone only used AI when creating notebooks, they would only learn the code that the specific AI outputted and not fully learn the background to why we use KNN classifiers, visualizations, etc. When you practice data science on your own, you have to work through the problem solving of it and typically come up with a solution tailored to your coding style instead of one right answer.


Overall, a lot of my verifications ended up being with the visualizations. You can make graphs in so many different ways so sometimes the AI would use matplotlib instead of seaborn to create a graph, or it wouldn't create specific variables that the code needed to copy the graph quickly. In the visualization cases, the graph would look a little different so then I knew I had to recheck the code. It might be more difficult to know what needs doublechecking without the obvious display of a graph, but other parts of the code won't work if the AI gave code wrong earlier in the project. Overall, AI helps move the project along and cuts a lot of beneficial corners, but it is still important to have an understanding of what it is doing in order to produce a solid final product. 
